Cody Wiemholt
Intro To WebDev
Final Project Journal 
June 6th, 2022

Deployed website link:

https://cwiemholt.github.io/



General Notes / Comments below

I guess this is for nothing down how to get stuff to work.

I started by just getting the nav-bar using flex boxes to work. After which I played around with the linking abilities.
It's a bit difficult for me to figure out how to get stuff to center in the div's I'm making in the yellow spaces.

Like, when I put it to 50% and just want it to align center, it wont. Need to dig into that.
Also, need to look into how to get forms to work correctly. And then how to modify the form example I have into what I actually need it to do, which is to validate email addresses.

The validation will only be checking for the @ symbol being present, and then excluding the following:
!#$%^&*() 
From the user’s email address. This took some serious googling to figure out, which I explain in the tech referenced section.



Alright, now I at least figured out that I had waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too many center attempts in the css file.
Went through them all and just started removing ones because this div centering is annoying. I know it's something 
simple, probably a mistake from the first pass commit. Though I'm not sure what it is, going to start looking up
how to do this properly. Grrr.


Wow. So I figured out the issue. I just needed to set the margin to auto in the .css file. I feel like a novice now haha.
Oh well, live and learn right? At least it’s not as crazy of a headache as I had anticipated, given I removed at least 10 centering attempts haha. The interesting thing is how many of those were content alignments and just did absolutely nothing. I should look into this more later on.

This has been quite a challenge in order to achieve all the elements I wanted to include. Unfortunately, I ended up with a lot of other coursework that I didn’t realize was due over the weekend and greatly reduced my ability to work on the assignment.

One thing that I do like is that while it’s a bit rough around the edges, the color combinations are somewhat pleasing to myself? I don’t have any real experience in UI / UX design, but the black and yellow dominate colors are nice. It took me a long time to figure out the exact shade and transparency of the yellow color. I didn’t want it to look like a highlighter yellow. 




Tech referenced:

So I utilized quite a few pages from W3Schools tutorials for using CSS as well as a few HTML elements. 
In particular I ended up taking their structure for a submission form and am repurposing it for my own useage.
IE, I just needed the outline of the script, to remember what I needed to include for it to work properly.


